What are you? Are you okay?
What's wrong with mine?
Didn't you say that mom is ill?
This is just a street corner
It's something to bring you back
The one who wasn't killed back then
People said they needed to find someone to settle the score with.
You take it back
I'll do the math for you.
I didn't come back three times after so many years
So many marriages
Call you and show up
I'm annoying you. I haven't eaten yet.
Repaired and released
These phases of the building are actually quite a bit...
Is it true that we can see everything in one issue?
I said I was afraid that I would be able to feed my son a little bit. Come down.
Eaten and destroyed
We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We We
We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we